# MLFLOW Experiments

## Wine Quality Prediction Model

We have built a simple Elasticsearch model to identify wine quality using MLflow. This model leverages Elasticsearch's powerful search and analytics engine to analyze wine characteristics and predict their quality. The use of MLflow helps us track and manage our experiments, ensuring reproducibility and scalability.

## ML Flow

MLflow is a tool that helps manage the entire machine learning lifecycle, from experiment tracking to model deployment. It allows us to keep track of our experiments, organize and reproduce results, and deploy models efficiently. We need it to ensure that our work is organized, shareable, and scalable.

## Initial Setup

To start, you need to set up the environment by installing the required packages. Use the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Initially, you can comment out lines 24, 25, 83, and 84 in your code to avoid any potential issues.

Then, run the program with:

```bash
python app.py
```

You can also give the values to hyperparameters (alpha and l1 ratio)

```bash
python app.py 0.3 0.7
```

## MLruns Folder

After running the program, a folder named `mlruns` should open. This folder contains all the information about your model, such as:

- **Parameters**: The settings and values used for the model.
- **Metrics**: Performance indicators like accuracy, loss, etc.
- **Artifacts**: Any files or data generated by the experiment.
- **Source Code**: The code that was run for the experiment.

The purpose of this folder is to store and organize all relevant data for your experiments so you can easily review and reproduce results.

## Visualizing with MLflow Dashboard

To visualize your results, use the following command:

```bash
mlflow ui
```

This command will open a dashboard where you can:

- See the results of your experiments.
- Select and compare one or more models.

## What is DagsHub and the Need for It

DagsHub is a platform that allows you to visualize and collaborate on your machine learning experiments. By integrating MLflow with DagsHub, you can share your results with teammates and compare different models easily.

## Collaborating with DagsHub

If you plan to collaborate with your teammates, integrate MLflow with DagsHub. Follow these steps:

1. Create an account on DagsHub (it's recommended to sign up with GitHub).
2. Connect your DagsHub account with your GitHub repository.

To integrate DagsHub with your project:

1. Open your repository on DagsHub.
2. Copy the MLflow tracking code provided by DagsHub. (You can refer to the initally commented lines for reference)
3. Paste this code into your `app.py`.

Next, open your bash command prompt and run:

```bash
python app.py
```

The first time you run this, you will need to authenticate. Once done, your results will be published to DagsHub. You can then open the "Experiments" section on DagsHub to view them.